README-en.md, before:

[![Ask DeepWiki](https://deepwiki.com/badge.svg)](https://deepwiki.com/DD-Mantodea/TerraJS)

<h1 align="center">TerraJS</h1>

<div align="center">

English | [简体中文](README.md)
    
A mod allows you to make contents by JavaScript.

</div>

## 📖 Introduction
`TerraJS` is a mod like `KubeJS` in Minecraft. It allow modders to register item or modify and register recipe by JavaScript.

This mod is just begin so only has few functions and lots of bugs. Plz send issues if you meet questions to help the author to develop this mod better! Thx!

#### ✔️ Contents Done

`> Use JavaScript to make mod content.`

`> Command completing and structured command register.`

#### ➕ Contents Under Develop

`> Quest tree and quest tree UI.`

`> More types of parameter that commands support.`

## ✨ Usage

After the first loading, the mod will create a directory named `TerraJS` under `Mods` directory, which contains two child directories named `Scripts` and `Textures`.

Create a  `.js` file in the `Scripts` directory, then you can start the first step!

[Here are the examples]("Examples-en.md")

Commit message:

Update UI, Command and make new Detector feature.

README-en.md, after:

[![Ask DeepWiki](https://deepwiki.com/badge.svg)](https://deepwiki.com/DD-Mantodea/TerraJS)

<h1 align="center">TerraJS</h1>

<div align="center">

English | [简体中文](README.md)
    
A mod allows you to make contents by JavaScript.

</div>

## 📖 Introduction
`TerraJS` is a mod like `KubeJS` in Minecraft. It allow modders to register item or modify and register recipe by JavaScript.

This mod is just begin so only has few functions and lots of bugs. Plz send issues if you meet questions to help the author to develop this mod better! Thx!

#### ✔️ Contents Done

`> Use JavaScript to make mod content.`

`> Command completing and structured command register.`

`> Feature like ProbeJS that can export type infos and method infos to .d.ts file for VSCode.`

#### ➕ Contents Under Develop

`> Quest tree and quest tree UI.`

`> More types of parameter that commands support.`

## ✨ Usage

After the first loading, the mod will create a directory named `TerraJS` under `Mods` directory, which contains two child directories named `Scripts` and `Textures`.

Before modding, you can type `/terrajs detect` in the game's chatbox to start the detector, when it shows `[Detector] Collect complete`, the `.d.ts` file is done for VSCode.

Create a  `.js` file in the `Scripts` directory, then you can start the first step!

[Here are the examples]("Examples-en.md")
